# Set1

1. When you create a project, you are automatically granted the roles/owner role. The owner role includes permissions granted by roles/editor, roles/viewer, and roles/browser. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/access-control-proj.

2. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Spark/Hadoop service that can be used to migrate Hadoop clusters GCP. Cloud Pub/Sub is a queuing service that is used to ingest data and store it until it can be processed. Bigtable is a NoSQL database, not a queueing service. Cloud Dataflow is a stream and batch processing service, not a queueing service. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/how-to.

3. Cloud Data Fusion is a managed service that is designed for building data transformation pipelines. Compute Engine is not a managed service. Cloud Dataprep is used to prepare data for analytics and machine learning. Cloud Build is a service for creating container images. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/data-fusion/docs/how-to.

4. The correct command is gsutil iam ch allUsers:objectViewer gs://free-photos-on-gcp. Gsutil is used with Cloud Storage, not gcloud so the gcloud ch option is incorrect. The term objectViewer is the correct way to grant read access to objects in a bucket. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gsutil/commands/iam.
5. The correct command is gcloud datastore export gs://my-datastore-backup --async. Export, not backup, is the datastore command to save data to a Cloud Storage bucket. Gsutil is used to manage Cloud Storage, not Cloud Datastore. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/datastore/docs/export-import-entities.
6. Regional clusters have replicas of the control plane while single zone and multi-zonal clusters have only one control plane. There is no such thing as multi-regional cluster. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/containers-kubernetes/best-practices-for-creating-a-highly-available-gke-cluster.
7. Cloud Identity provides domain verification records, which are added to DNS settings for the domain. IAM is used to control access granted to identities, it is not a place to manage domains. The billing account is used for payment tracking, it is not a place to manage domains. Resources do have metadata, but that metadata is not used to manage domains. For more information on verifying domains, see https://cloud.google.com/identity/docs/verify-domain.
8. The correct command is gcloud container images list. The other options are not valid gcloud commands. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/container/images/list.
9. Gcloud init will authorize access and perform other common setup steps. Gcloud auth login will authorize access only. Gcloud login and gcloud config login are not valid commands. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/initializing.
10. Labels are key-value pairs attached to resources and used to manage them. The manager could use a key-value pair with the key 'team-name' and the value the name of the team that created the resource. Audit logs do not necessarily have the names of teams that own a resource. Traces are used for performance monitoring and analysis. IAM policies are used to control access to resources, not to track which team created them. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-labels.
11. To load data, an identity must have bigquery.tables.create, bigquery.tables.updateData, and bigquery.jobs.create. bigquery.tables.list is needed to list tables and metadata on tables. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/batch-loading-data and https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/access-control.
12. After creating a custom mode network, you will need to create subnets in regions where instances will be deployed. You do not have to create subnets in all regions but an instance cannot be deployed to a region without a subnet. Firewalls are used to control the ingress and egress of data, they are not used to load balance. VPNs are used to provide connectivity between Google Cloud and outside networks, such as an on premises network. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/using-vpc and https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/compute/networks/subnets/create.
13. Nearline Storage is a class of Cloud Storage designed for objects that will be accessed at most once every 30 days. Coldline Storage is suitable for objects accessed at most once per year. Multi-regional storage is best suited for objects that should have low latency access from multiple regions. Persistent disks should not be used for archival storage. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/storage-classes.
14. App Engine is designed for applications written in supported languages, including Python 3, that need to run at low cost, and need to scale in response to rapid increases in load. App Engine is a managed service and as such minimizes operational overhead . Compute Engine and Kubernetes Engine both require more management overhead. Cloud Functions are used to respond to events in GCP, not to execute a continually running application. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard.
15. Kubernetes Engine collects log data written to standard output (STDOUT) and standard error (STDERR). For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/management-tools/using-logging-your-apps-running-kubernetes-engine.
16. A shared VPC allows projects to share a common VPC network. VPNs are used to link VPCs to on premises networks. Routes and firewall rules are not sufficient for implementing a common VPC. Firewall rules are not used to load balance, they are used to control the ingress and egress of traffic on a network. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/shared-vpc and https://cloud.google.com/composer/docs/how-to/managing/configuring-shared-vpc.
17. The correct command is 'gcloud projects describe <PROJECT_ID'>. 'gcloud projects describe <PROJECT_NAME>' is incorrect because PROJECT_NAME is not used in this command. 'gcloud describe projects' is wrong because 'describe' and 'projects' are in the wrong order in the command. 'gcloud describe project <PROJECT_NAME>' is incorrect because it uses PROJECT_NAME instead of PROJECT_ID. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/projects/describe.
18. The correct command is gcloud compute snapshots describe which shows information about the snapshot, including source disk, creation time, and size. The other options are not valid gcloud commands. For more information, see
19. Cloud SQL is a managed relational database service suitable for regionally used applications. Cloud Spanner is also a managed relational database but it is designed for multi-region and global applications. BigQuery is not used for transaction processing systems. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Spark/Hadoop service, not a relational database. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs.
20. Shielded VMs are hardened virtual machines that use Secure Boot, virtual trusted platform module enabled Measured Boot, and integrity monitoring. Preemptible VMs can be taken back by Google at any time but cost significantly less than standard prices. Hardened VM is not a valid option in Compute Engine. GPU-enabled VMs can improve the performance of compute intensive applications, such as training machine learning models. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/security/shielded-cloud/shielded-vm.
21. Since the connected networks are in different organizations, they must use VPC Network Peering. VPC sharing is only available within a single organization. Firewall rule changes may be needed, but that is not sufficient. VPNs are used to connect GCP networks with on premises networks. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/vpc-peering.
22. Bigtable is a wide column database with low latency writes that is well suited for IoT data storage. BigQuery is a data warehouse service. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Spark/Hadoop service. Cloud Spanner is a global-scale relational database designed for transaction processing. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/schema-design and https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/schema-design-steps.
23. An instance template is needed to enable Compute Engine to automatically add instances to a managed instance group. Snapshots are not required to add instances to a managed instance group. Persistent disks are not needed to control the addition of nodes to a managed instance group. Load balancers are used with managed instance groups but are not the thing that automatically adds nodes to the managed instance group. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance-groups/creating-groups-of-managed-instances.
24. Access is granted to Cloud Storage objects using IAM or access control lists (ACLs). When uniform bucket-level access is applied, users only have access through IAM roles and permissions. A users that could access objects before uniform bucket-level access is applied but not after must have had access through ACLs. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/uniform-bucket-level-access.
25. GCP assigns regional internal IP addresses for VM instances, including GKE pods, nodes, and services. They are also used for Internal TCP/UDP Load Balancing and Internal HTTP(S) Load Balancing. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/ip-addresses.
26. BigQuery is a managed, petabyte scale data warehouse, which uses SQL. Bigtable does not support SQL. Cloud SQL and Cloud Spanner support SQL but are designed for transaction processing, not analytical applications like data warehouses. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/how-to.
27. Cloud Functions is used to respond to events in GCP, including uploading of files in Cloud Storage. Processing can finish within the time limits Cloud Functions must run. Since there are periods when no images are uploaded, there is no need to have an application running continuously and checking for new image uploads so App Engine Flexible, Cloud Engine, and Kubernetes Engine are more than required. For more information, see
28. Firewall rule logging can be enabled for each firewall rule. Each time the rule is applied to allow or deny traffic, a connection record is created. Connection records can be viewed in Cloud Logging. Cloud Monitoring is used for collecting and view metrics on resource performance. Cloud Trace is used to understand performance in distributed systems. Cloud Debugger is used by developers to identify and correct errors in code. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/firewall-rules-logging.
29. The correct command is to use kubectl autoscale specifying the appropriate min, max, and cpu percent. Specifically: kubectl autoscale rc my-app-rc --min=2 --max=6 --cpu-percent=80. The other options are not valid commands. For more information, see https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale/.
30. To rename a file in cloud storage, use the move command gsutil mv. Gsutil cp will copy files, not rename them. Gsutil rewrite and gsutil rn are not a valid command. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gsutil/commands/mv.
31. Service accounts are used to provide applications and instances with an identity that can have roles that give the identity sufficient permission to execute operations it needs to perform.
32. The source and cloned disk must be in the same zone and region and must be of the same type. The size of the clone must be at least the size of the source disk but does not need to be the same. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/create-snapshots.
33. Internal TCP/UDP Load Balancing is used for internal traffic, that is not from the internet. SSL Proxy, TCP Proxy, and Network TCP/UDP load balancing are used with external traffic. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/choosing-load-balancer.
34. On a sole tenant node, only VMs from the same project will run on that node. They do not need to use the same operating system. Sole tenant nodes are not restricted to a single VM. VMs from the same organization but different projects will not run on the same sole tenant instance. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/nodes/sole-tenant-nodes.
35. The correct answer is to use the --dry-run option with the bq select command. The Pricing Calculator can give you an estimate of aggregate costs based on storage and amount of data queried but it does not provide estimates of a the cost of running a specific query. There is no --estimate-cost option with either the bq or gcloud command. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/estimate-costs.
36. Cloud Pub/Sub is a queuing service that is used to ingest data and store it until it can be processed. Bigtable is a NoSQL database, not a queueing service. Cloud Dataflow is a stream and batch processing service, not a queueing service. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Spark/Hadoop service. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/overview.
37. URL maps specify direct requests to particular services. Routes are used to specify paths to destination IP addresses outside a subnet. Firewall rules control the flow of traffic on a network. Traces are used to understand performance characteristics of services in a distributed system. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/url-map.
38. The correct answer is to use the "kubectl apply -f" with the name of the deployment file. Deployments are Kubernetes abstractions and are managed using kubectl, not gcloud. The other options are not valid commands. For more information, see https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/overview/.
39. The correct command for changing the storage class is gsutil rewrite with the target storage class and bucket specified. Gsutil migrate is not a valid command. There is no need to specify the parameters -from or -to.
40. Heterogeneous clusters can be run on unmanaged instance groups but not managed instance groups. Network load balancer is used to distribute workload in a cluster but it is not an instance group itself. Autoscaler adds and removes nodes in a managed instance group as needed. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance-groups/creating-groups-of-unmanaged-instances.
41. Node pools are used to configure resources for particular workloads. All nodes in a node pool are configured the same. Replica sets and deployments do not control the number of CPUs or amount of memory.
42. Constraints are the standard way to restrict where resources can be created and applying policies with constraints will enforce those constraints for all resources in the organization. If the policy were applied at the folder level, it would have to be applied for all folders and that is not as efficient as applying at the organization level. There is no such thing as a Cloud Audit policy. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/organization-policy/defining-locations.
43. The correct way to enable Cloud Operations for GKE is to use the parameter --enable-stackdriver-kubernetes. The other options are not valid parameter names. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/container/clusters/create.
44. The role/bigtable.reader gives the data scientist the ability to read data but not write data or modify the database. This follows the Principle of Least Privilege as recommended by Google. Roles/bigtable.admin gives permissions to administer all instances in a project, which is not needed by a data scientist. Roles/bigtable.user provides read and write permissions but data scientist do not need read permission. There is no predefined role called roles/bigtable.owner. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/access-control.
45. The correct command is gcloud config configurations create. Gcloud configurations crae, gcloud config configurations set, and gcloud configurations set are not valid gcloud commands to create configurations. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/config/configurations/create.
46. Cloud Audit Logs maintain three audit logs: Admin Activity logs, Data Access logs, and System Event logs. There is no such thing as a Policy Access log, a User Login log, or a Performance Metric log in GCP Audit Logs. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/audit.
47. billing.accounts.create is the permission needed to create a billing account. billing.create is not a valid permission. Roles are sets of permissions but they are not permissions themselves so roles/billing.create and roles/billing.accounts.create are not correct answers. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how-to/manage-billing-account.
48. Folders are used to group resources that share common IAM policies. Service accounts are specific to a set of operating requirements within a project. Permissions are associated with roles but not directly with folders. IAM roles are granted to identities, not folders. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-folders.
49. To copy files to a VM, a firewall rule must be in place to allow traffic on port 22, the default SSH port. Administrator privileges are not needed to upload a file so the other three options are not correct. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/transfer-files.
50. Target pools must have a health check to function properly. Nodes can be in different zones but must be in the same region. Cloud Monitoring and Cloud Logging are useful but they are not required for the target pool to function properly. Nodes in a pool have the same configuration. For more information, see https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/target-pools.
51.

# set2

1. The correct command is gcloud projects describe followed by the PROJECT_ID or the PROJECT_NAME.
2. After creating a custom mode network, you will need to create subnets in regions where instances will be deployed. You do not have to create subnets in all regions but an instance cannot be deployed to a region without a subnet.
3. The correct command for changing the storage class is gcloud storage objects update with the target storage class and bucket specified.
4. To rename a file in cloud storage, use the move command gsutil mv.
5. Access is granted to Cloud Storage objects using IAM or access control lists (ACLs). When uniform bucket-level access is applied, users only have access through IAM roles and permissions. A users that could access objects before uniform bucket-level access is applied but not after must have had access through ACLs.
6. URL maps specify direct requests to particular services. Routes are used to specify paths to destination IP addresses outside a subnet. Firewall rules control the flow of traffic on a network. Traces are used to understand performance characteristics of services in a distributed system.
7. Internal TCP/UDP Load Balancing is used for internal traffic, that is not from the internet. SSL Proxy, TCP Proxy, and Network TCP/UDP load balancing are used with external traffic.
8. Regional clusters have replicas of the control plane while single zone and multi-zonal clusters have only one control plane. There is no such thing as a dedicated cluster in GKE.
9. Node pools are used to configure resources for particular workloads. All nodes in a node pool are configured the same. Replica sets and deployments do not control the number of CPUs or amount of memory.
10. The correct way to enable Cloud Operations for GKE is to use the parameters --logging and --monitoring.
11. Kubernete Engine collects log data written to standard output (STDOUT) and standard error (STDERR).
12. To load data, an identity must have bigquery.tables.create, bigquery.tables.updateData, and bigquery.jobs.create.
13. The correct answer is to use the --dry-run option with the bq select command.
14. The correct command is gsutil iam ch allUsers:objectViewer gs://free-photos-on-gcp. Gsutil is used with Cloud Storage, not gcloud. The term objectViewer is the correct way to grant read access to objects in a bucket.
15. A shared VPC allows projects to share a common VPC network. VPNs are used to link VPCs to on premises networks. Routes and firewall rules are not sufficient for implementing a common VPC.
16. Firewall rule logging can be enabled for each firewall rule. Each time the rule is applied to allow or deny traffic, a connection record is created. Connection records can be viewed in Cloud Logging.
17. Cloud Data Fusion is a managed service that is designed for building data transformation pipelines. Compute Engine is not a managed service. Cloud Dataprep is used to prepare data for analytics and machine learning. Cloud Build is a service for creating container images.
18. The role/bigtable.reader gives the data scientist the ability to read data but not write data or modify the database. This follows the Principle of Least Privilege as recommended by Google.
19. Service accounts are used to provide applications and instances with an identity that can have roles that give the identity sufficient permission to execute operations it needs to perform.
20. Since the connected networks are in different organizations, they must use VPC Network Peering. VPC sharing is only available within a single organization. Firewall rule changes may be needed, but that is not sufficient. VPNs are used to connect GCP networks with on premises networks.
21. Google Cloud assigns regional internal IP addresses for VM instances, including GKE pods, nodes, and services. They are also used for Internal TCP/UDP Load Balancing and Internal HTTP(S) Load Balancing
22. The correct answer is to use the "kubectl apply -f" with the name of the deployment file. Deployments are Kubernetes abstractions and are managed using kubectl, not gcloud. The other options are not valid commands.
23. The correct command is to use kubectl autoscale deployment specifying the appropriate min, max, and cpu percent. The other options are not valid commands.
24. The correct command is gcloud datastore export gs://my-datastore-backup --async. Export, not backup, is the datastore command to save data to a Cloud Storage bucket. Gsutil is used to manage Cloud Storage, not Cloud Datastore.
25. The correct command is gcloud artifacts repositories list. The other options are not valid commands.
26. Nearline Storage is a class of Cloud Storage designed for objects that will be accessed at most once every 30 days. Coldline Storage is suitable for objects accessed at most once per year. Multi-regional storage is best suited for objects that should have low latency access from multiple regions. Persistent disks should not be used for archival storage.
27. To copy files to a VM, a firewall rule must be in place to allow traffic on port 22, the default SSH port,
28. When you create a project, you are automatically granted the roles/owner role. The owner role includes permissions granted by roles/editor, roles/viewer, and roles/browser.
29. Folders are used to group resources that share common IAM policies. Service accounts are specific to a set of operating requirements within a project. Permissions are associated with roles but not directly with folders. IAM roles are granted to identities, not folders.
30. Labels are key-value pairs attached to resources and used to manage them. The manager could use a key-value pair with the key 'team-name' and the value the name of the team that created the resource. Audit logs do not necessarily have the names of teams that own a resource. Traces are used for performance monitoring and analysis. IAM policies are used to control access to resources, not to track which team created them.
31. Cloud Audit Logs maintain three audit logs: Admin Activity logs, Data Access logs, and System Event logs. There is no such thing as a Policy Access log, a User Login log, or a Performance Metric log in GCP Audit Logs.
32. Constraints are the standard way to restrict where resources can be created and applying policies with constraints will enforce those constraints for all resources in the organization. If the policy were applied at the folder level, it would have to be applied for all folders and that is not as efficient as applying at the organization level.
33. Cloud Identity provides domain verification records, which are added to DNS settings for the domain.
34. billing.accounts.create is the permission needed to create a billing account. Roles are sets of permissions but they are not permissions themselves.
35. The correct command is gcloud config configurations create.
36. Gcloud init will authorize access and perform other common setup steps. Gcloud auth login will authorize access only.
37. App Engine is designed for applications written in supported languages, including Python 3, that need to run at low cost and scale in response to rapid increases in load. App Engine is a managed service and as such minimizes operational overhead. If the application were containerized, Cloud Run would also be an option. Compute Engine and Kubernetes Engine both require more management overhead. Cloud Functions are used to respond to events in GCP, not to execute a continually running application.
38. Shielded VMs are hardened virtual machines that use Secure Boot, virtual trusted platform module enabled Measured Boot, and integrity monitoring.
39. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Spark/Hadoop service that can be used to migrate Hadoop clusters GCP.
40. The source and cloned disk must be in the same zone and region and must be of the same type. The size of the clone must be at least the size of the source disk.
41. The correct command is gcloud compute snapshots describe which shows information about the snapshot, including source disk, creation time, and size.
42. Heterogeneous clusters can be run on unmanaged instance groups but not managed instance groups.
43. An instance template is needed to enable Compute Engine to automatically add instances to a managed instance group.
44. On a sole tenant node, only VMs from the same project will run on that node. They do not need to use the same operating system. Sole tenant nodes are not restricted to a single VM.
45. Target pools must have a health check to function properly. Nodes can be in different zones but must be in the same region. Cloud Monitoring and Cloud Logging are useful but they are not required for the target pool to function properly. Nodes in a pool have the same configuration.
46. Cloud Functions is used to respond to events in Google Cloud, including uploading of files in Cloud Storage. Since there are periods when no images are uploaded, there is no need to have an application running continuously and checking for new image uploads.
47. BigQuery is a managed, petabyte scale data warehouse, which uses SQL. Bigtable does not support SQL. Cloud SQL and Cloud Spanner support SQL but are designed for transaction processing, not analytical applications like data warehouses.
48. Cloud SQL is a managed relational database service suitable for regionally used applications. Cloud Spanner is also a managed relational database but it is designed for multi-region and global applications. BigQuery is not used for transaction processing systems. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Spark/Hadoop service, not a relational database.
49. Bigtable is a wide column database with low latency writes that is well suited for IoT data storage. BigQuery is a data warehouse service. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Spark/Hadoop service. Cloud Spanner is a global-scale relational database designed for transaction processing.
50. Cloud Pub/Sub is a queuing service that is used to ingest data and store it until it can be processed. Bigtable is a NoSQL database, not a queueing service. Cloud Dataflow is a stream and batch processing service, not a queueing service. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Spark/Hadoop service.
51. set 3

# set 3

1. ClusterIP service is the default type of service and is used to enable internal clients to send requests to a stable internal IP address. Headless service type is used when a stable IP address is not needed. NodePort is used to enable clients to send requests to the IP address of a node on one or more nodePort values specified by the service. LoadBalancer clients send request to the IP address of a network load balancer.
2. All data stored in Google Cloud is encrypted before it is persisted. You do not have to do anything to ensure your data is encrypted at rest in GCP.
3. BigQuery is a managed analytical database that supports SQL. It is optimized for write once/read many operations. It can easily store 100 GB or more of data. It is a managed service designed to support data warehouses. Bigtable and Cloud Firestore are NoSQL databases and do not support SQL. Cloud SQL does support SQL but it is designed for transaction processing and does not support up to 100 GB in a single database.
4. Bigtable is a NoSQL wide-column database well suited to low latency writes. Since only a few, well defined query patterns are needed, you can design the data model to support those patterns. BigQuery does not support large volumes of low latency writes. Cloud SQL and Cloud Spanner are relational databases designed for transaction processing systems but this use case does not require a transaction processing system.
5. BigQuery uses the bq command line. The command to list datasets is bq ls.
6. The bq command is used with BigQuery and the show command displays information about a data set. Projects and datasets are specified as [project name]:[dataset name].
7. Ingestion time partitioned tables creates partitions by ingestion time. The pseudo column _PARTITIONTIME is added to the table and can be used to restrict the amount of data scanned. BigQuery does not provide for read replicas like some databases. BigQuery does not use indexes. The LIMIT option does not reduce the amount of data scanned, it only limits the number of rows returned.
8. Cloud Functions are the best option since it is a managed service that can be invoked on events, such as when a message is ingested by Cloud Pub/Sub. Also the code to execute runs for short periods of time.
9. Files are written to servers within the Cloud Storage system based on filenames. Lexically close file names are written to the same server. This can lead to hotspots in which a few servers have heavy loads while other servers have little or no load.
10. To use the client built into Cloud Shell, the correct command is gcloud sql connect followed by the instance ID of the database you want to connect to along with the --user parameter to specify the username.
11. Cloud CDN is a content distribution network for global content delivery. It caches data at distributed points around the world so users requests for content are routed to the closest content location.
12. When using auto mode VPC creation, a subnet is created in each region and each subnet is assigned a range of IP addresses that fit within the 10.128.0.0/9 CIDR block.
13. The --dry_run flag is used with the bq query command to estimate the cost of running a query.
14. The two operations that can be performed using Cloud Storage lifecycle management are deleting objects and setting the storage class.
15. Images are Compute Engine resources so they use gcloud compute commands. Images are the resource that is being created so the command is gcloud compute images create followed by the image name and the source-snapshot parameter.
16. The problem may be caused by the consuming application not acknowledging the message has been successfully processed within the time required. The --ack-deadline may be set too low and the consuming application may not send the acknowledgement within that time. Increasing the --ack-deadline would give the consuming application more time to acknowledge successful processing of the message.
17. The Cloud Monitoring agent collects data on CPU utilization and other metrics. Installing the agent and then view the collected data with Cloud Monitoring requires the least amount of work.
18. The role roles/iam.roles.create will provide the permissions required to create custom roles.
19. SSL Proxy should be used for external TCP traffic with the SSL processing offloaded to the the proxy.
20. Network TCP/UDP Load Balancing is used for internal TCP traffic.
21. Cloud Dataproc is a managed Spark/Hadoop cluster service. Cloud Data Studio is a reporting and analytics tool. Cloud Dataflow is a batch and stream processing platform. Cloud Bigtable is a NoSQL database.
22. Tags are used to group resources in GCP. They are added to images using the gcloud container images add-tag command.
23. Preemptible VMs cost significantly less then standard priced VMs. Preemptible VMs run up to 24 hours before being shut down by Google. The epidemiologist could can tolerate failures in some simulations since failed simulation are re-run.
24. Cloud Spanner is a globally scalable, managed relational database that supports consistency. Cloud Bigtable is a NoSQL database. BigQuery is an analytical database. Cloud SQL is a relational database but it is designed for regional use cases.
25. The gcloud config configurations activate command allows for rapid changes to the configuration for the Cloud SDK and could be used for that purpose in this use case.
26. Labels allow you to specify key-value pairs for grouping resources, for example, a VM cloud be labeled with the key value pair 'envior:production.'
27. roles/logging.privateLogsViewer provides provides read-only access to log entries in logs, including private logs. roles/logging.admin would give permission to review logs but would also grant other permissions that are not needed. roles/logging.configWriter grants permissions to read and write the configurations of logs-based metrics and sinks for exporting logs. roles/logging.bucketWriter provides permission to write to a Cloud Storage bucket.
28. Data Access Audit logs generate large amounts of data and are disabled by default for most services; it is enabled by default for BigQuery. The other audit logs are not likely to generate the same volume of data as the Data Access Audit logs.
29. The command gcloud compute instances set-service-account assigns a service account to a VM instance. The other options are not valid gcloud commands.
30. roles/compute.instanceAdmin.v1 gives full control of Compute Engine instances, instance groups, disks, snapshots, and images. roles/iam.serviceAccountUser gives permission to run operations as the service account.
31. The permissions, resourcemanager.projects.get, for retrieving projects identified by a project ID, resourcemanager.projects.getIamPolicy, for getting IAM access control policy for the specified Project, and resourcemanager.projects.setIamPolicy, for setting IAM access control policy for the specified project, are all required.
32. gcloud iam roles list --project=[PROJECT] is the correct command. Gsutil is the command line for managing Cloud Storage, not IAM.
33. gcloud iam roles describe [ROLE-ID] is the correct command for displaying information about a role.
34. The command gcloud compute images list --project windows-cloud --no-standard-images will list Windows Server images. List provides a list of images with minimal information. Describe is used to show more detailed information.
35. Image families are used to group related images together so you can roll forward or back between specific images versions. Image families always point to the latest version of an image that is not deprecated. Managed and unmanaged instance groups are types of clusters, not an image management feature. Community supported images not directly supported by Compute Engine and are maintained by community members.
36. Instance templates specify the configuration of virtual machines and managed instance groups. Unmanaged instance groups may be heterogeneous and do not use instance templates. Snapshots are copies of disks at a point in time. They are useful for backups and copying disks but are not used for specifying configurations.
37. Managed instance groups are used to create sets of identically configured VMs that can autoscale an can be configure for regional deployment, which would address the need to be resilient to a failure in a single zone.
38. Sole-tenant nodes provides for exclusive access to a physical server. Shielded VMs provide additional security protections but do not guarantee sole-tenancy. Managed instance groups is a set of identically configured VMs. Preemptible VMs are low cost VMs that may be shutdown at any time by Google.
39. The Policy Denied Audit Log captures details when a user or service account is denied access because of a security policy violation. The Admin Activity Log tracks administrative actions including changes to configurations and metadata. The Data Access Audit Log tracks changes or reads of resource data or metadata. There is no Identity Access Audit Log in GCP.
40. The correct subcommand is add-iam-policy-binding with --member and --role flags. The subcommand is available for several resource types, including: disk, images, instances, and snapshots among others.
41. This is a compute service setting so you would use gcloud compute and the resource is a project so project-info is required. The correct command is gcloud compute project-info describe --project [PROJECT ID].
42. The correct answer is guest attributes. When guest attributes are enabled, Compute Engine will store your generated host keys as guest attributes.
43. Labels are key/value pairs that are attached to objects to specify identifying attributes of objects that are useful for users and admins. Namespaces are virtual clusters designed for environments like the one described, with many users, team, or other organization group structures.
44. The correct command is gcloud container clusters create with --enable-autoscaling flag and --min-nodes and max-nodes parameters. Kubectl is a command line for managing resources, such as pods, within a Kubernetes cluster.
45. When Cloud Run starts a container, it creates environment variables: K_Configuration, K_Revision, K_Service, and Port. K_Configuration specifies the configuration that created the container.
46. Cloud Run can execute container images with custom applications written in any programming language. It is a managed service so operational overhead is minimized. Cloud Pub/Sub configured with a push subscription could invoke a service running in Cloud Run. Compute Engine is not a managed service and would have more operational overhead. App Engine Standard does not support C++ applications. Anthos is a platform for managing multiple Kubernetes clusters in multiple environments and while it could be used to run the service, it is more than required by the specifications.
47. Cron.yaml files contain specifications for running scheduled jobs in App Engine. App.yaml has overall application specifications. Batch.yaml and job.yaml are not specified as part of App Engine services.
48. Index.yaml files contain indexes for complex queries that reference more than one attribute. Datastore automatically creates indexes for single attributes. All queries must have a supporting index. App.yaml is for application specifications. Cron.yaml is for scheduled jobs. Dispatch.yaml is for overriding routing rules.
49. Gsutil is the command line utility for Cloud Storage. The rewrite command with the -s parameter is used to change storage classes.
50. The correct command to list that metadata is gsutil stat gs://BUCKET_NAME/OBJECT_NAME.
